you're about to be mesmerised it's here
it's wild it's sweeping the nation
it's Fushigi I don't know what is the
coolest thing ever and I can do it
hi I'm Tim doughy and this is Fushigi
we're gonna show you how to unlock the
secrets of Fushigi the magic gravity
ball no strings no tricks magic may be
an illusion you decide you can make
Fushigi defy gravity and appear to float
in midair with maneuvers like the prayer
cross the Enigma levitation and so many
more
it floats it levitates it will confuse
the senses with its mind-blowing
movements younger old bigger small
anyone can push Iggy from the minute
they pick up the magic gravity ball and
with a little practice you can conquer
Fushigi anything I think it's fabulous I
get it now everyone loves Fushigi and
you don't have to be a magician it's
relaxing even therapeutic best of all
it's just amazing it floats it's awesome
Fushigi
from basic maneuvers to the advanced
even control more than one Fushigi at a
time you can do this mystify amazing
confuse your friends in just minutes now
it's your turn to master Fushigi 30 it's
sick it's so much fun I love it
amazing I love it my grandson he's 16 he
would love one of those I want to buy it
not bushi call now to order Fushigi the
magic gravity ball for only $19.99 and
when you order we'll send you a free DVD
that will teach you everything you need
to know to unlock the secrets of Fushigi
just pay processing call now
you